15 14
son of Zeus to the bank
bolatti I'm not going to make a run
is that such a reading on the panel dealing
we do not know he does not
I'll only talk the team and
I was not looking for him, no he does not have
no one is going to leave not only not
wants to be people there because the legend of
cane is staying with a former colleague up to 40 with
Spain
the van controls
the water bills
of staff
despite the easy
van
on france street
but I got here already
he is that is the most thing is what to reap
the race is still pretty
as it occurs
Tighten win a little belly and
santanópolis
the goalkeeper veloso and little joão
Gonçalves Viana and so I'll talk to you
window that in this window recandidate
in the chamber I did not feel anything
Are you taking care of the bank from fifa?
africa cup with him
Yeah
he ran assures me either my name or the
shop
140 can be 20 the difference is that the
ethics has no secrets for places like
to exchange
let's see what happens does not look me
I'm leaving the neighborhood, it 's just me.